05/07/2020

I just realized I forgot about the design diary. 

Well, I really enjoyed creating this project and adding more to the choose your own adventure game that I created in milestone 4. 
In all honesty, I have terrible time management when it comes to my coding homework, and I think that stems from high school, when 
I would only do homework and projects the night before. Even studying for big exams, I waited till the day before. It is something 
that I am trying to work on but is very difficult to implement on my own. Anyway, this project was no exception, I started to actually
work on it three days before the due date (ie. tomorrow). What I realized trying to find sprites to animate is that I could find nothing
I liked or the artwork did not match in style. So, I took it upon myself to draw everything I wanted because I could actually create
what I wanted to be shown. The difficult part is actually animating a drawing, and now it is the day before it is due and I have images
and text but no moving pictures. I guess it now goes into what animation actually means. Does there need to be moving elements in order
for it to be considered animated? Or does having an image count as animation? Cause if you actually think about it, my style could be 
considered stop-motion animation because everytime you press the button a new image comes up, giving the illusion of moving scenes. 
I guess I will leave it up to Adam to decide if I have met my own requirements of animating my CYOA. 

Either way, I am both proud and upset with the final project. I am proud because I actually got images and it is more interesting
than the original text based game. However, I am disappointed that I waited too long to do the project (and that drawing the images
took two days). If I had decided this earlier on, then I could have drawn the actions and created a sprite of my character and made them
move within the background in a loop before the next button was pressed. I may end up trying to figure it out as more practice with unity
over the summer, since I have finals to study for this week.

Anyway, thank you, Adam, for all your help and advise. I hope you have a great summer. Stay safe and healthy.
